3.10.0 changelog and version (#3745)
official-antistasi-community/A3-Antistasi: changelog.rst

   * :issue:`3730` Added extra options for the weapon unlock number setting
   * :issue:`3739` Air QRF and attack vehicles face the direction of travel when they spawn in 
   * :issue:`3741` Increased the traverse arc of the vanilla static Titan launchers
   

.. admonition:: Template updates

   * :issue:`3469` Added PRACS modset support, requires RHS (new factions RACS, SLA, SLA Revolutionary Guard)
   * :issue:`3491` Added CSLA CDLC support, requires CUP (new factions US Army, AFMC, CSLA, FIA, NAPA)
   * :issue:`3597` Added per-map civilian faction to Vanilla
   * :issue:`3619` Added TMT mod support, requires CUP (new faction Turkish Army)
   * :issue:`3620` Added AMF mod support, requires CUP (new faction French Army)
   * :issue:`3621` Added CROMIL mod support, requires RHS (new faction Croatian Army)
   * :issue:`3640` Updated Global Mobilization CDLC factions to the 1.6 update
   * :issue:`3641` Added S.O.G. Nickel Steel support, requires the S.O.G Prairie Fire CDLC
   * :issue:`3677` Moved T-140 Angara to heavy tank category
   * :issue:`3678` Added support for Flying Legends in the Spearhead 1944 CDLC, IFA3, and EAW templates

>    * :issue:`3678` Added several new factions for Spearhead Extended

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   * :issue:`3678` Added new Commonwealth and Africa Corp factions for SPEX - Spearhead Extended
```
